Asuna.
You're late, Kirito-kun.
You...
What if I ended up catching a cold?
S-Sugou?
That was quite cruel of you, Kirito-kun.
I can still feel the pain.
Sugou, you've already lost.
Just wait to be judged by the law.
Lost? What do you mean?
There are countless corporations that would take me.
Yes, once my research is complete,
I can become a true king...
The god of this world.
You...
But before that...
I'll have to kill you, Kirito-kun.
Hey, stand up.
On your feet already!
A piece of trash like you... getting in my...
Getting in my way!
The punishment for such a sin is, of course, death.
Anything less would be unthinkable!
Huh?
The vision in my right eye is blurry, so I missed.
You garbage...
You...
A brat like you... doesn't have any real power, get it?!
Sugou,
you're no different, are you?
Die, you damn brat!
What a feeble weapon.
It's light, and doesn't have much reach.
But it's more than enough to kill you with!
Come on. She's waiting.
Asuna.
Kirito-kun.
Yeah.
The final...
The true final battle just ended.
It's over.
Sorry. I still can't hear properly.
But I can tell what you're saying.
It's over, isn't it?
Finally... I finally got to meet you.
It's nice to meet you.
I'm Yuuki Asuna.
I'm back, Kirito-kun.
I'm Kirigaya Kazuto.
Welcome back, Asuna.
And so, this sentence structure is...
Well, that's all for today.
I'll send out assignments #25 and #26,
so be sure to upload them by next week.
Sorry for the wait, Asuna.
I'm beat.
And hungry.
You sound like an old man, Kirito-kun.
To be honest, I feel like I've aged
five years over the past month.
Also, it's not Kirito, but Kazuto.
It's bad etiquette to use
character names here, after all.
Oh, right! I just...
Wait. What about me, then?
It's obvious!
That's what you get for using your
real name as your character name.
Well, everyone that attends this school
is a victim of the SAO incident,
so it looks like I can't hide it, either.
Asuna,
how have you been feeling lately?
You're still in rehab, right?
Yeah, I can finally walk around without a cane.
But they told me that I shouldn't run or anything yet.
I see.
By the way, Kirito-kun...
Don't you know?
This spot is in plain view from the cafeteria.
Honestly...
There's no lunch for Mr. Careless!
Oh, please forgive me.
Ta-dah!
By the way, is your father doing well?
Yeah, he was pretty dejected for a while though.
He resigned as CEO and is basically retired,
so it seems like he's unsure of what to do now.
Now, if he picks up a hobby or
two, I'm sure he'll cheer up.
I see.
On that snowy day, Sugou was
arrested in the hospital parking lot.
After his arrest, he denied charges,
and tried to place all the blame on Kayaba Akihiko.
But once one of his employees was brought in to testify,
he quickly confessed to everything.
Fortunately, the 300 players who were victimized
had no recollection of being experimented on.
None of them developed any
mental or personality disorders,
and apparently, they'll all be able to return to society.
However,
games of the Virtual MMO genre
suffered a fatal blow.
In the end, RCT progress dissolved.
And RCT itself didn't come out unscathed, either.
Of course, ALO was forced to discontinue service,
and five or six other Virtual MMO
games were expected to follow suit.
Say, come to think of it, what
became of the Commander?
Kayaba... is dead.
Apparently, it was suicide.
Suicide?
It seems that, at the time of the SAO world's collapse,
he ran a high-output scan on his own brain.
Does that mean he copied his
consciousness onto the Internet?
I heard that his chances of success
weren't even one in a thousand.
However...
Back then, I definitely spoke
with Kayaba's consciousness.
What's this?
It's the origin of worlds,
"The Seed".
Once it buds, you'll understand its nature.
After that, its fate is in your hands.
You can delete it or even forget about it.
However, if you hold any feelings
other than hatred for that world...
Kirito-kun?
Come on, Kirito-kun.
About today's offline meeting...
Oh, sorry.
I was spacing out.
Honestly, you...
Whether it's here or there, when you're relaxed,
you become really carefree, huh?
Jeez, Lis—
Rika-san.
Drink a bit more quietly.
I can't help it.
Oh, look at Kirito fawning all over her.
It's inexcusable behavior at school.
I don't approve of spying on them.
If I had known this would happen, I wouldn't
have agreed to that one-month truce.
You're the one who came up with it!
Saying that you wanted to let those two
enjoy a month of quality time together...
It was your naïveté speaking, really.
Are you going to the offline meeting today?
Of course I am!
Hey, have you ever meet Agil before?
Yeah, we went hunting together twice or so.
He's really big.
Just so you know, he's no smaller in real life.
Prepare yourself.
Come on... We arrived on time.
The stars of the show should be the last to appear.
That's why we told you the time
was later than it really was.
Now, come on in.
Hey, wai—
Okay then, everyone.
Let's have a cheer.
One, two!
Kirito, congratulations on clearing SAO!
Here, take this.
Cheers!
Bartender, one bourbon on the rocks.
Oh, it's just oolong tea.
Agil, give me a real one.
Klein, you sure about that?
You're heading back to work after this, right?
Like I could pull overtime without a drink.
Besides...
Exactly!
It's been a while.
Thinker-san.
Oh, right.
I heard that you married Yulier-san.
Though it's late, please accept my congratulations.
Yes, well... It feels like I have my hands
full with adjusting back to reality.
I'm finally getting ahold of work again, too.
Man, that's great news!
By the way, I've been reading the new MMO Today.
Oh, how embarrassing.
There still isn't much content in it.
Besides, the way MMOs are now,
walkthrough info and other such
news are rather meaningless.
It's comparable to the chaos accompanying
the birth of the universe, after all.
Agil, how's it going? What happened to the seed?
You'd be amazed.
There are around fifty mirror servers now.
Downloads are numbering a hundred thousand.
And there are about 300 major
servers that are making use of it.
After I saved Asuna,
I brought the World Seed that Kayaba left me to Agil,
and asked him to look into it.
As a result, I learned that the World Seed
was a program package called
"The Seed," that Kayaba developed,
which simulates a full-dive-type
virtual MMO environment.
Put simply,
if "The Seed" is downloaded onto a
server with decent enough bandwidth,
anyone could create their own online world with it.
So that it'd be available for anyone to use,
I asked Agil to upload it to servers worldwide.
And so, virtual MMOs, which were disappearing,
took flight once more.
Alfheim Online, too, was taken up
by new management and revived.
And Alfheim wasn't the only world that was reborn.
Smaller corporations, and even private ones...
Hundreds of organizations seized the opportunity,
and began operating their own virtual
game servers one after another.
They eventually became mutually linked.
And now, a system that allows
a character created in one game
to be converted into that of
another is being implemented.
Hey, we're still on for the afterparty, right?
Yeah, tonight at eleven,
we'll be meeting at Yggdrasil City.
I was worried about how high you were going to go.
It's almost time, so I came to get you.
Oh, thanks.
Say, Onii—Kirito-kun.
The management for ALO changed,
and you can use your SAO avatar now,
so why haven't you switched like the others?
The role of that world's Kirito is over now.
I see.
Then I'm the one who first met the Spriggan Kirito-kun
and traveled with him to Yggdrasil, huh?
Hey, Kirito-kun, let's dance.
It's a recently developed high-level technique.
While hovering, you slowly move sideways.
Yeah, that's it. You're doing great!
Leafa?
I'll be going back for today.
Huh? Why?
Because...
It's too far...
Where you are... Where everyone is...
I can't make it over there.
Sugu...
That's not true.
You can go anywhere you want
if you put your mind to it.
Here it comes.
Is there something up with the moon?
No way. Don't tell me that's...
That's right. It's the floating castle, Aincrad.
But... why?
Why's it here?
I'm going to settle it.
This time, I'll make it past all 100
floors and conquer that castle.
Leafa,
my stats were reset, so I'm pretty weak now.
Lend me a hand, okay?
Yeah, I'll come.
No matter the distance. I'll be with you.
Hey! You're late, Kirito!
Come on! We're gonna leave you behind!
I'm going ahead!
Hurry!
Move it!
Come, let's go, Kirito-kun, Leafa-chan.
Go on. Papa, hurry.
All right! Here we go!
I recognized my cowardly past
mitometeta okubyou na kako
Remaining ignorant, I cowered in fear
wakaranai mama ni kowagateta
My other self reflects reality onto the present
ushiro no jibun ga genjitsu wo ima ni utsusu
This world, where I envisioned countless skies,
ikutsu mo no sora wo kaita koko wa kitto
will surely drive my frail heart insane.
hakanai kokoro midashite
In my dreams, I soared in the skies,
yume de takaku tonda karada wa
shaking off any anxieties that clung to me
donna fuan matottemo furiharatteku
A subconscious thought expands outward
nemuru chiisa na omoi hirogaridashite
Notice my weakness and stay by me
kizuku yowai watashi kimi ga ireba
so I can confidently accept this dark world
kurai sekai tsuyoku ireta
I continue to dream for all of eternity
nagai yume miru kokoro wa sou eien de
I wanna always be with you.
I'll give you everything I have.